Broaden the scope of 2s (#1061)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - 2n1) Disputes are only permitted during the competition, within 30 minutes after the disputed incident happened and before the start of any following rounds of the relevant event.
    - 2n2) The WCA Delegate must resolve the dispute before the start of the next round of the event.
    - 2n3) The competitor must accept all final rulings of the WCA Delegate. Penalty: disqualification from the competition.

> - 2s) Competitors under certain circumstances (e.g. disability) that may prevent them from abiding by one or more WCA Regulations may request special accommodations from the WCA Delegate. Competitors requesting such accommodations should contact the organization team and WCA Delegate at least two weeks before the competition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2s) Competitors with circumstances (e.g. disability) that may prevent them from abiding by one or more WCA Regulations may request special accommodations from the WCA Delegate. Competitors requesting such accommodations should contact the organization team and WCA Delegate at least two weeks before the competition.
```
'With' still seems more natural to me. I'd welcome the input of native US English speakers.

Author: No yeah this reads way better to me too

Author: edited your comment slightly - removed certain, which i think reads better now

> - 2s) Competitors under certain circumstances (e.g. disability, religious beliefs) that may prevent them from abiding by one or more WCA Regulations may request special accommodations from the WCA Delegate. Competitors requesting such accommodations should contact the organization team and WCA Delegate at least two weeks before the competition.

Author: ```suggestion
- 2s) Competitors under certain circumstances (e.g. disability) that may prevent them from abiding by one or more WCA Regulations may request special accommodations from the WCA Delegate. Competitors requesting such accommodations should contact the organization team and WCA Delegate at least two weeks before the competition.
```
